QRadar documantation and change default to 30 (#20220)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/Integrations/QRadar_v3/README.md

1. Enter QRadar service.
2. Click the **Menu** toolbar. A scrolling toolbar will appear.
3. Click **About**. A new window will appear with the details of your QRadar version.

## Troubleshooting

Whenever *Fetch with events* is configured, the integration will fetch the offense events from `QRadar`.
It is possible, however, that some events might be missed during the creation of the incident.

> The [Mirroring](#mirroring-events) feature is recommended in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to enable [mirroring](#mirroring-events), as it should fetch previously missed events when the offense is updated.
```

> Alternatively, [Retrieve events command](#qradar-search-retrieve-events) can be used to retrieve the `QRadar` immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the [retrieve events command](#qradar-search-retrieve-events) can be used to retrieve the `events` immediately.
```

> If the command does not execute, try setting the `interval_in_seconds` to 10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the command does not execute, try setting the `interval_in_seconds` to a lower value, like 10.
```

> If the command does not execute, try setting the `interval_in_seconds` to a lower value, like 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the command takes too long to finish execution, try setting the `interval_in_seconds` to a lower value (down to a minimum of 10 seconds).
```
